Add Web3 to the glossary (#11344)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/web3/index.md

---
title: Web3
slug: Glossary/web3
tags:
  - Blockchain
  - Glossary
  - Infrastructue
---

> Web3 is a web controled by the people through a blockchain; making them nearly imossibe to be controlled by a governmet or comany. They also have a currency for the blockchain they use.

Reviewer: ```Suggestion
Web3 is a web controlled by the people through a blockchain; making them nearly impossible to be controlled by a government or company. They also have a currency for the blockchain they use.
```

For example: 

> - [Uniswap](https://uniswap.org) a web3 appthat allows you to swap one cryptocurrency for another and provide liquidity for cryptocurrency.

Reviewer: ```Suggestion
- [Uniswap](https://uniswap.org) is a web3 app that allows you to swap one cryptocurrency for another and provide liquidity for cryptocurrency.
```

> - [Curve](https://curve.fi) a web3 smart contract that allows users to provide liqudity to different cryptocurrencys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Curve](https://curve.fi) is a web3 smart contract that allows users to provide liquidity to different cryptocurrencies.
```
